Added docs for pre-signed URLs (#783)
e2b-dev/E2B: apps/web/src/app/(docs)/docs/filesystem/download/page.mdx

  file.write(content)
```
</CodeGroup>

## Download with pre-signed URL

> Some times you may want to let users from unauthorized environment to download files from the sandbox, like a user's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to let users from unauthorized environment download files from a sandbox, for example from their browser.
```

> Some times you may want to let users from unauthorized environment to download files from the sandbox, like a user's browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may want to let users from unauthorized environments, like a browser, download files from the sandbox.
For this use case, you can use pre-signed URLs to let users download files securely.
```

> For this use-case you can use pre-signed URLs to and let download files securely.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this use case, you can use pre-signed URLs to let users download files securely.
```

<CodeGroup>
```js
import fs from 'fs'
import { Sandbox } from '@e2b/code-interpreter'

> // Start secured sandbox (all operations must be authorized by default)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Start a secured sandbox (all operations must be authorized by default)
```

const sandbox = await Sandbox.create(template, { secure: true })

> // Create a pre-signed URL for file download with 10 seconds expiration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a pre-signed URL for file download with a 10 second expiration
```

const publicUrl = sandbox.downloadUrl(
  'demo.txt', {
    useSignature: true,

>     useSignatureExpiration: 10_000, // optionals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    useSignatureExpiration: 10_000, // optional
```

>     useSignatureExpiration: 10_000, // optionals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    useSignatureExpiration: 10_000, // optional
```

  },
)

> // You can just visit the URL in browser to download the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The user only has to visit the URL to download the file, this also works in a browser. 
```
